(DOCSP-42170) BAAS release notes for 20240807 (#823)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/release-notes/backend.txt

2024 Releases
-------------

.. _backend_20240807:

07 August 2024 Release
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - Fixed bug where some destructive changes in push-pull were not being handled properly

Reviewer: These seem to be all related to Sync, so maybe we want to put them under a "Device Sync" header? It looks like we have been inconsistent about this in the past - sometimes we have listed the specific part of the product that the release notes pertain to (i.e. Edge Server, CLI), but other times we don't.

This is probably a good high-level thing to consider as we're pondering our release notes process.

Author: Yep, makes sense!

> - Fixed bug where unlinking a datasource with Sync enabled would crash the UI

Reviewer: When we talk about data sources in the docs, we tend not to concatenate the term. i.e. in the ToC, we have: "Connect to MongoDB Data Sources".

```suggestion
- Fixed bug where unlinking a data source with Sync enabled would crash the UI
```
